hey guys someone in Tennessee then I'm
here with I love makeup to find out some
your YouTube favorites or weirdest
beauty tips oh yeah okay go to the store
get some really weird colors and throw
them in your hair and you dyed your own
hair I would do like the typical like to
not get mascara on the little money you
know like that oh my god I don't know
you guys I'm a really bad at makeup I
heard that if you put hemorrhoid cream
under your eyes it'll get rid of the
bags but I haven't tried it because I'm
too embarrassed to buy hemorrhoid cream
yes I for oak coconut oil all over my
scalp sometimes do a mask yeah smells
like coconut oil for like a day I used
to do this thing where like you could
take toilet paper rolls and put them in
boots and your boots will like stay up
or like paper towel rolls and it's so
achieving those but then they work so
well and real boot holders cost like $20
so I put like baking soda on my feet so
they wouldn't sweat too much so that's
what I'm doing right now I guess I'm
kind of weird and a little bit gross but
it's fine if you know those badges they
give you like that say any random words
on it I use use my blank shirts and just
put them all over my shirt to make it
look like I'm wearing something cool but
really it's like four dollars with the
pins what is your biggest guilty
pleasure
and makeup or in life because I'm pretty
sure we know it's alcohol probably the
internet because at night when I should
be going to bed actually let's call it
the morning cuz this happens until like
4:00 in the morning I'll just be like
surfing the internet and I should stop
but I don't I enjoy spending time with
my cats mmm does Wendy's count like like
the cheeseburgers but also also Wendy's
my biggest guilty pleasure is probably
Starbucks I'm there like every single
day so probably Starbucks it's bad how
deep are we getting here I know
I probably chocolate chocolate-chip
haagen-dazs going to bed at like 9:30 to
a.m. key cerritos from Taco Bell
happens a lot a little too much but you
know I love it thanks for watching make
sure you guys check out more cute videos
for my love makeup